the Xbox 1s and the normal Xbox this
game is going to look stunning the
colors are so much more saturated the
blue standout the greens that have and
the orange of this car just literally
shined right in your face and to help a
miss you even more so the sounds I I
think they've been entirely redone as
well when you're in interior nearing
like a racing car you can hear like the
the new seatbelts next to you rattle you
can hear that the brakes now squeaking
and barking and just all the mechanical
bits fizzing and buzzing around so
that's really nice and Allah I'll leave
you now
with this footage of me driving somewhat
okay because I had to get used to the
slightly tweaked handling model oh it's
much more familiar than you may think it
is it's pretty much the handling model
from six per tweet in certain areas some
cars are much nicer to drive than I
thought they would be but anyway I'll
shut up now let you watch the end of
this racing footage and I'll see you
guys in the next video but until then
adios
[Music]
[Applause]